Update the message regarding contributing from the codespaces (#3488)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where the url regex in the **validate** command was wrong.
* Fixed an issue where **pre-commit** command failed when using global environment.
* Fixes an issue in **format** command where the `-i` option included files in `.venv` directories.

> * Updated the comment in a contribution to an old pack to contain the link to the documentation about GitHub Codespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the comment added to contribution PRs to old packs so it contains a link to the documentation of the **GitHub Codespaces** in xsoar.pan.dev.
```
